Clarify user authentication doc on ECH (#1275)
elastic/docs-content: deploy-manage/users-roles/cluster-or-deployment-auth/pki.md

# PKI [pki-realm]

:::{{warning}}

> This type of user authentication cannot be configured on Elastic Cloud Hosted deployments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This type of user authentication cannot be configured on {{ech}} deployments.
```
